Welcome to the full-stack-completed-challenges wiki!

Final Project For Stream One
============================

 

### GUIDELINES

 

The project guidelines are as follows:

-   Please use AngularJS as your framework.

    -   Use Angular routing to enable navigation.

    -   Incorporate at least 1 service and 1 directive.

-   Use as much functionality as you see appropriate from the lessons.

-   Use bootstrap or flexbox for main navigation and grid layout.

-   Include at least one page that contains a form with validation.

-   Your mentor will act as:

    -   your client

    -   your technical consultant

    -   please refer back to your mentor to get constant feedback as you
        progress

-   Please use Git to maintain your source code.

-   You must deploy the final version of your code to an internet hosting site.

    -   There is a deployment document file that you can access below.

-   Use semantic HTML5 markup.

-   Make your web site as responsive as possible. Use appropriate testing sites
    to test your web sites in as many different environments as possible.

Good luck and enjoy!

 

For your final week project for Stream 1, you have two options:

 

### Create a website for a band:

Complete a working prototype of a website for a band. Use the wireframes you
created in the UX lesson as a starting point. Use your own assets or you can use
the assets zip file below.

The band is a ‘Swing/Jive’ band and have around 20 years experience of
performing live at numerous events throughout Ireland. You have been given the
requirements after interviews with the clients representatives.   The
requirements are:

-   The band requires a web site to showcase their music and publicise their
    availability for gigs.

-   They would like to target the corporate and wedding market as their primary
    target audience. They also want the website to be a site their fans can
    visit to see and hear clips from their back catalogue and any new material
    as it becomes available.

The band will provide the UX/UI team with the following assets:

-   Photos and biographies of the band members

-   The band are recording an audio clip that they would like to showcase on the
    new website

-   They have a number of audio clips that they can make available and would
    like to showcase on their web site.

Users should be able to search for the band’s commercial tacks and purchase them
from third party sites such as itunes. They would like to explore the
possibility of creating a mail list of ‘fans’ that they could communicate with
to inform them of upcoming gigs and any new material that they have made
available via the web.  Users should be able to subscribe to a newsletter of the
band’s latest information.

They would also like to publicise upcoming gigs in the future. They would also
like users to be able to contact them with potential work related leads. The
site should contain the ability to check on the band’s availability for future
bookings and costs associated with various types of booking. They are in the
process of creating a social media presence and would like links to Facebook,
Twitter and YouTube pages. They intend to set up a channel in YouTube of videos
they have recorded.

 

### Create your own project:

 

Create your own project. If you wish to create your own project, please get it
approved by your mentors. If you want some ideas, please ask your mentor for
advice and direction.

Your project should follow the above guidelines, plus follow as far as possible:

-   Create wireframes before embarking on full blown development.

-   Incorporate as much as you have learned in our lessons.

-   Keep the website to around 4-5 web pages.

 

Note to view this example you will need to open a command window in the root
folder and run ‘npm start’ this will install the node\_modules folder which will
in turn run a local mini server allowing us to view and test our angular js app.

